Welcome to another video on that back.
In this video, we're going to be seeing what exactly is the dependency graph?
Now, dependency graph is very important concept on Webpack and based on this particular concept, the
entire dependency and the bundle summit in the back.
So I've made a small diagram to understand this exact feature.
So when we're doing our development environment, we have a lot of files that float around.
We have a lot of these files.
We have a lot of theses files and as well as assets.
Now the assets mentioned here are all PNG and JPG images assets.
But it can be any sort of asset.
It can be one forms or maybe a music file and so on.
Well, once we start bundling things with Webpack, let's see how things transform.
Now, once you have the Webpack installed and once you have all the configurations done, this is what
is going to be happening behind the scene.
So we have a better idea.
And once they do the configuration, the most important part is the entry of your application.
The entry of the application specifies exactly which file is going to be bootstrapping you and their
application.
So let's say, for example, you're making like a server based application.
Then it might be an index store which contains things such as starting off the database connections,
maybe starting your server and so on.
Now in case of website, this might be the homepage of your entire website.
So this is exactly which is going to be loading all the other dependencies in your website.
So this is a really important file and this is what is going to be pointed in the back.
All right.
So once your Webpack has the entry file, what is it going to be doing?
It's going to be searching all the import, all the require statements that you have in that file and
start vetting all those content.
So let's see.
For example, in our index dogs file, we have mentioned import guard dog years.
So once you have that import card, this is going to be pulling up the dependencies or all the export
statements that are there in cartridges and pull it right back into your index dogs.
Now let's suppose card dogs has an internal dependency of ordered orders, so it's going to be pulling
up orders as well.
Then orders has a dependency of admin gauges, so it follows that same dependency graph.
Now order dogs might also be pulling up additional assets of example or here, as you can see by the
arrow, the order duty is is connecting to the add icon dot png.
Now once you are doing this import, it's also going to be pulling up this asset as a dependency of
this entire application.
Now indexed START has a dependency on this particular user's file.
So this is going to be pulled up as a dependency as well.
Now filter files, you can see here are a few of the boxes that you can see here are all orphaned.
So for example, this dogs home docs, the SS and one image right here.
Now the pack is very smart and it is able to identify that, okay, I do not really need all these files
for running my application because nobody has been importing them.
Now, this is a very powerful feature of the pack.
Now using this feature we are able to eliminate code which is not going to be used.
Obviously there are few configurations that need to be done, but Webpack is very smart in identifying
these kind of dependencies.
Now once internal lever back has made all this dependency graph, what is going to be doing is going
to be creating output folder.
Now this is also specified as the output configuration in your Webpack configurations.
Now in the output we are going to be having on the basic side, a bundle charges Aventador JS and a
bundle proteases users.
Now this is not specific files that are going to be outputted, but I am giving you on a very high level
as what is the default output that we are going to be expecting.
So bundle radius might be having all the code that is written by us.
So for example, we have written the card Dodgers, pay Dodgers or the Dodgers, but maybe there's a
bootstrap Dodgers that is a vendor specific file and we are going to be putting that into the vendor
dodgers.
Now, there are a couple of reasons for splitting this into two separate bundles, and we're going to
be covering that shortly in the future videos.
But for now, just remember that we can be outputting multiple JavaScript files based on the dependencies
that have been identified.
The same thing is going to be done for the CSA as well.
So as you can see, we have just used two of the cases files that are the bootstrap and the admin cases.
Solely these dependencies are going to be pulled up in your main bundle, Dot says.
And we're just going to be ignoring the home Nazi dependency.
All right.
So once you have the entire output file, you'll be generally having an index start estimate file.
This is going to be your main file that is going to be starting off your website, doing the index start
estimate.
We are going to be pointing up not all the GC files that we had used for development, but instead just
the over pack output.
So in this, we are going to be just pointing these script tags.
So we have two scripts here, which is the bundle and the render gorgeous.
And the thesis file, which is the bundle dot thesis file.
So these are all the dependencies that are required for running your application.
Arrest.
This is a very high level of the dependency graph and the couple of more thing that happens behind the
scene.
But we're going to be covering them as and when we are going to be covering those sections.
All right.
So I hope you get an understanding of what's happening behind the pack.
Let's dive in and start writing some code.